Dude checking us out.
Where?
Black T.
Pass.
Why?
He's a hottie.
What did I tell you?
Yeah, yeah,
surf the watch.
Right, and he's wearing
a cheap knock-off.
The plan is to find guys
with more money than us.
Yeah, what up?
WOMAN:
Help me, please!
What? I can't hear you.
( crying ):
He's gonna kill me.
You have to help find Mitch.
Mitch?
Please!
Who is this?
Is that you, Stace?
I think you dropped something.
You have to help.
Very funny.
I don't have time
to play games, okay? Bye-bye.
No, don't hang up.
I've been kidnapped.
He's gonna kill me.
You're my only hope.
Please.
Oh, my God. Okay, just... chill.
I'm getting help.
Help!
Chelse?
Somebody! Help!
Help! Please!
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Ma'am,
stop. You can't be in here.
What's the problem?
I got a call. A girl.
Says he's going to kill her.
You got to help her.
Officer?
Let me see
that, please.
Help me, please.
I'm freaking out.
You've got to help her.
Please, help me.
Who is this, please?
( crying ):
Mitch. Mitch.
Oh, God help me.
Ma'am, this is Horatio Caine.
I'm a police officer.
Where are you?
( crying ):
I don't know. I don't...
MAN:
Give me the phone.
Ma'am...
MAN:
It's over.
Who am I speaking with, please?
I told you
to keep your mouth shut.
( woman screams, gunshot )
Ma'am. Ma'am!
Lieutenant?
Here's what I need you to do.
Call this in.
We've got a female kidnap vic,
location unknown.
Anything else to go on?
All we've got
is that phone.
What's her status?
She's either dead or dying.
Got a rush.
COOPER:
Is this the cell phone
Horatio had sent over?
Clock's ticking, so
this is priority one.
I'm getting a warrant to
subpoena the service provider
for a log
of the incoming calls.
It's gonna take too long.
It'd be quicker
to find out
who she intended to call.
How do you
want to do it?
Predictive pattern analysis.
People have habitual
dialing patterns.
Means they make
predictable mistakes.
Because most people dial
with their thumb.
Let's start with what we know.
Beach girl's phone number.
The number's gonna be close,
so if the victim intended
to dial a two, she could
accidentally hit a five, three.
So you're inputting
percentage probabilities
on misdialed digits.
Narrows the search,
gives us a list
of possible phone numbers she
may have been trying to reach.
You should also know
the caller asked for Mitch.
Oh, nice. Okay.
Gives me something else
to cross reference.
Here it is, only two digits off
from the beach girl's number.
Looks like it's
an office number.
Mitchell Collett,
Abex Corporation.
Mitch is short
for Mitchell.
I'm gonna
call Horatio.
All right.
Mitchell Collett?
Miami-Dade.
CAINE:
Mr. Collett, we have
reason to believe
that your wife has
been kidnapped.
I know.
You know?
Look, I shouldn't even
be talking to you people.
The guy on the phone
said no cops.
CAINE:
So, you've
been contacted?
Call came in this morning
on my private line.
What did he say?
He said he'd kill her.
They always threaten. That's how
they get your attention.
This may just be an exercise
in criminal behavior
to you, but this is my wife.
Mitch, uh,
everything
all right?
Heard the police
were here.
I'm Dane Daniels.
I'm the CEO here.
I'm afraid this has us all
a little rattled.
I understand. Mr. Collett, it is
good that they contacted you.
Now what did the voice
on the phone sound like?
We're a financial institution.
All our phone calls
are monitored.
You want to hear
the tape?
I would.
MAN ( on tape ):
Got your wife, Mitch.
MITCH:
Who the hell is this?
You know who you're
talking to? Do you?
Wouldn't play tough guy
if I were you, Mitch.
Brenda could get hurt.
Let me talk to my
wife right now!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Down boy.
You want to see her again,
it's gonna cost.
I'll pay everything I
have, but it's not a lot.
Start getting the money
together, I'll call back.
Oh, and, uh, no cops,
or she dies.
Mr. Collett,
does your wife have enemies?
No.
She's a homemaker.
How about you?
Our company had massive layoffs
this year.
We're under investigation.
Do the math.
Everybody knows on Wall Street.
Okay, what do you need
from me to get Brenda back?
I need you to stay close
and wait for the next call.
Can you do that?
TRIPP:
You mind if
we search
your residence?
I'll get my keys.
It doesn't take
a rocket scientist
to determine
the point of entry.
DELKO:
Watch your step.
Nice crib.
Yeah. Looks like executive
bonuses were up last year.
WOLFE:
Yeah, signs of struggle.
We've got a plastic frag.
Looks like
it impacted here.
What do you
think it is?
Hatch work pattern.
Looks like
the grip from a gun.
Should be enough to run.
If we get
a suspect, it'd be nice
to tie it back to someone.
Is that the
broken gun grip?
Yeah. I sent a swab
to DNA.
You started without me.
You're late.
So, uh...
that girl, Gloria,
you still seeing her?
Not in a while.
You and Natalia-- is, uh...
is everything good there?
What's up, Wolfe?
I went to a party at her
house the other night.
You weren't there.
I was the last
one to leave.
So, uh...
I was wondering.
Wondering what?
Uh...
You and Natalia.
You guys...
still doing your thing?
No.
We're not. We backed off.
Really.
Yeah, really.
Because we were talking
and, uh...
You know, I got the feeling
that she was interested.
Yeah? Interested in what?
Me.
She's interested in you?
Yeah. It was just a vibe
she was throwing me.
A vibe, huh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And before I
did anything,
before it went any further,
I just want
to clear it with you.
You want to clear it with me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I wanted to, uh...
I wanted to get the green light.
You're good to go, man.
Clear for landing.
Thank you.
Hey.
Hi.
What's up?
Just grabbing
my unsolveds here.
A little job security.
Yeah, I'm dealing with a bit
of a jigsaw puzzle myself.
Epithelials from
the broken
gun grip at
the kidnap scene.
No hits on CODIS.
Mmm. Good luck with that.
Heard you had a party.
Well, I mean, it wasn't
really like a party party.
I just had some people over.
Yeah. Well, my
phone didn't ring.
Because I thought
you were working.
You would have known
if you called.
You know, I thought
that we both decided
that we were
moving too fast so I guess
I was just putting up
some boundaries.
Mission accomplished.
DUQUESNE:
Sorry to interrupt you guys,
kidnap case.
Brenda Collett's cell phone
is back on and Cooper's tracked
the GPS.
Where?
DUQUESNE:
A house in Kendall,
SWAT's contained it,
they're waiting for us.
Stay down. Stay down.
What've we got
on the kidnap case?
Thermal sensor. Reads heat.
Gives us a view
inside the house.
We have a clear heat signature
of the occupants.
Size, stance, says male.
We think he's armed.
Any sign of a woman?
Second body, right here,
prone, giving off heat.
Gotta be alive
to do that.
You think
it's our kidnap vic?
Her cell phone
led us here, so.
DELKO:
Wait a minute.
He's pulling something
out of his waistband.
You see that?
He's moving down the hall.
He's moving toward the door.
He's coming out the front door!
SWAT LEADER:
Confirmed! He's got a gun!
Suspect is armed!
Red Team, he's on the move!
Move! Move! Move! Move!
Go! Go! Move! Go! Go!
SWAT LEADER:
Let's find the girl.
We're looking
for Brenda Collett.
Go, go, go, go.
Search the house.
( over radio ):
Rear containment.
We've made entry.
We've got a female.
Possible kidnap victim,
Brenda Collett.
DELKO:
Is she alive?
Johnny?
CAINE:
Officer. Officer.
Is that
Brenda Collett?
DUQUESNE:
No.
She's the common law.
High as a kite.
Did you find the phone?
Still looking.
And there's no sign
of Brenda Collett.
Okay.
DELKO:
Unless he
stashed her somewhere.
Unfortunately, now he can't
tell us where.
There is a problem, Eric.
Check his dental
work, please.
His jaw's wired shut.
This injury's at least
a couple of weeks old.
Dental wire's already yellow.
Ma'am, hang on a second.
Where are you?
BRENDA:
I-I don't know.
Ma'am?
MAN:
Give me the phone.
It's over!
Who am I speaking with, please?
I told you to keep
your mouth shut! ( gunshot )
DELKO:
He wouldn't be able to yell
with his mouth wired shut.
Bottom line is...
this is not the man
on the phone.
DUQUESNE:
I bagged a cell phone inside.
I found it
on the couch
next to where you were lying.
We know it's
not yours.
Come on, Kelly,
your boyfriend's dead.
Who are you protecting?
Where'd you get the phone?
I was looking to score, okay?
When I went to cop,
I heard a backfire,
I went into the alley and...
free phone.
I know what you're thinking.
I didn't steal the phone.
Show us where you found it.
So according to Olive Oyl,
she found the phone around here.
Well, if she's lying,
we'll know soon enough.
There's tire tracks.
You can barely see them,
but they're recent.
I've got a casing.
It's a .45.
Well, I guess our doper
was telling the truth.
This is where
our vic called from.
That's right. She connected
with the girl from the cafe.
Who gets Horatio on the line,
suspect hears Brenda's voice...
( crying ):
Mitch. Mitch.
BRENDA ( crying ):
Oh, God, help me.
I don't know.
I don't...
( gunshot )
Yeah, but if you're a kidnapper,
why shoot your meal ticket?
Hopefully, he was just
trying to scare her.
All right, I'll get this
cell phone to Cooper.
I'm going to get this
under the scope.
Horatio, it's Calleigh.
The .45 casing from the alley
got an IBIS hit.
Rick Miller.
Look, I told you
I don't know Brenda Collett.
That's not true,
is it, Rick?
Really?
You also have a .45
that's registered to you.
Isn't that right, Frank?
Yeah, says here
you shot an alligator
in the Everglades
six months ago.
What is that, some sort
of macho target practice?
Come on, man,
they never found a gun.
Plus, I like the outdoors, man.
Fish and Game recovered casings.
You were there.
Where's the gun now?
It was stolen in a burglary.
Did you report it?
What's the
difference, man?
Difference is it was used in
a kidnapping this morning, Rick.
Why don't you take another look
at that girl, sweet cheeks.
Me and Brenda
had a little thing.
She wanted to break it off.
Rick, it's over, okay?
This was all a mistake.
Nothing that feels this good
could be a mistake, baby.
I love my husband, Rick.
You're saying
being with him
compares to
what we have?
It's over.
TRIPP:
She broke your heart?
Where'd you meet her?
Abex.
I was working the loading
dock over Christmas.
TRIPP:
Her husband's company?
Her husband counted
beans, you know?
It made no sense she stayed
with that pencil neck over me.
I was desperate.
Figured she'd change
her mind, you know?
Turn to a real man
for protection.
Tell me what happened.
And I want to know right now.
I met this guy in a club
the other night.
Paid him 500 bucks
to scare her a little.
TRIPP:
Scare her?
We call that "felony stupid."
Whatever.
He didn't have a gun.
I gave him mine, told him to
grab her, drive her around.
Haven't seen
him since.
She was supposed
to call me, you know?
Yes, but she didn't
call you,
she called her husband.
So your plan backfired,
didn't it?
Yeah, and a lot of good
he's done her.
I want to know what his name is,
the guy at the club.
Charlie.
Grey Goose and Seven.
Don't know a last.
Hey, man...
I just wanted her back.
So do we, Rick.
DUQUESNE:
Rick Miller said this
is where he met Charlie.
WOLFE:
Excuse me.
Yeah?
We're looking
for Charlie.
Corner booth?
Grey Goose?
DUQUESNE:
He would have been
with this guy, Rick Miller.
Sound familiar?
Nope. Good luck.
Excuse me?
Look, there's a lot
of foot traffic through here
and everybody's name is Charlie.
Okay, I catch your drift.
I know Charlie.
He came in here last night
with this guy, Rick.
WOLFE:
What can you tell us
about Charlie?
Crappy tipper.
You always remember the ones
that stiff you.
I'm sorry, babe.
I'll have to
catch you later.
I'll have a little more month
at the end of the money.
He gave me a keychain.
Cheap bastard.
I was going to throw it at him
the next time
he came in.
You wouldn't happen to still
have it on you, would you?
Actually...
Huh. Here.
You can have it.
"C.P.E."
Could be initials.
Hey, Cooper.
Yeah, have Tripp
run it.
I'll be right there.
TRIPP:
Waitress said you gave her that.
Club valet said
you live down the street.
Those your initials, Charlie?
Just for business.
Charles Pelson Enterprises.
CAINE:
Impressive. Rick Miller
gave you up, Charlie.
TRIPP:
Said he paid you $500
to drive the girl around.
I don't know
what you're
talking about.
Brenda Collett,
you idiot!
We already know
about the kidnapping.
Where's Brenda?
I don't know.
All right, that's it.
You're under arrest.
Stand up.
Stand up!
All right, wait!
Just wait!
Look, I meet this guy Rick.
Dude starts crying.
He wants me
to help him get
his girlfriend back.
Just show her this.
Man, it'll scare
the hell out of her.
Even wrote up
a phony note,
make it look legit.
I know that.
I want something new.
Sobered up.
Realized I couldn't nab her
on my own,
so I got a partner.
The smart thing would
have been to call the
whole thing off.
Yeah, well,
I spent the money already.
Me and the guy were supposed
to just drive her to the beach.
Then Dillinger,
he changes the plan.
Wants to do it for real.
The husband's rich.
We got his wife.
Let's send the ransom
note and get the money.
Are you crazy?
Next thing I know,
I'm standing
on the side of the road.
The last time I saw
her, she was alive.
I don't know
where she is.
TRIPP:
Well, we got
news for you.
You and your buddy
just bought a kidnapping charge.
I want to know
your buddy's name, Charlie.
Give it up
or you buy
the whole enchilada.
I ain't saying
nothing.
You better hope
she's still alive.
Hey. Started running
the call history.
Brenda Collett's phone.
Take a look.
For every call Brenda placed
or answered,
a call was simultaneously made.
Found out the number's
being forwarded
to a recording system.
BRENDA:
Hey, honey, it's me.
Running late, a little late.
Call me back.
Hey, Brenda, it's Patty.
Where are you? Call me back.
Hey, honey, it's me,
I just told
the Kellers we're gonna
have to cancel.
Let me know when
you're going to be home.
I'll be therein a little
while. Talk to you later.
But we already know the company
monitors they're calls.
Yeah, the company phones.
This is a cell phone.
Can you trace
the recording service?
The recording system's
not really going to help us.
We need to find out
who's listening to it.
Page me when you know.
Marisol?
Our appointment's
at 6:00.
I needed to talk to you.
Okay. What's going on?
After tonight,
I want to stop
my chemo.
I know I'm going to get sick
again, and I'm scared.
Marisol...
I just don't want
to take that chance.
I understand, but...
if we lose you, then
nothing can happen.
Uh...
Well, if this is your
decision, you, uh,
you have my full support.
Okay?
You're still coming?
Of course I'm
coming with you.
Good.
As long as you're with me,
I know I'm going to be fine.
And you will be.
So I'll see you at 6:00.
Yeah, I'll see you
at 6:00.
Okay.
Lieutenant Caine--
where is he?
Hold on.
What's going on?
They just dropped this off.
Who's they?
I don't know.
They kidnapped my wife,
they were supposed
to call me.
I started to open it,
but I couldn't.
Please, hurry, somebody's
kidnapped my wife.
They were supposed
to call me.
They never call...
Sir, you keep saying "they."
Who's "they"?
I don't know
who they are.
If I know who they are...
Just hang on.
All right?
Please, hurry.
Make sure we do this right.
Okay. I wanted to open it,
but I got scared. Please.
All right, give me the box.
Oh, my God.
Oh... Oh, my God.
Brenda-- that's her earring.
There's a note inside, okay?
What does it say?
It says five million
by the end of the day...
or Brenda's dead.
Alexx, have you seen Eric?
He hand-carried
the ransom note to QD.
Okay.
Horatio.
Yeah.
I took a preliminary look.
There's something interesting
about this ear.
I don't see
any blood Alexx.
Exactly
my point.
Sharp pointed weapon slicing
through
capillaries full of blood
would indicate
a victim was living.
There's no hemorrhagic tissue.
So what are you saying?
Maybe he killed the girl
and then cut her ear off.
So the ear was removed
after she was dead.
But there was
a ransom note
with the ear.
Alexx, this is a game. He wants
us to think she's still alive.
We need to verify
it's her ear.
Should I ask the husband to
bring a DNA reference?
You know what,
I'll do it.
Brenda's hairbrush.
Thank you.
This will be very helpful.
Hanna, the lab, please.
Mr. Collett,
I know this is
a difficult time.
What are the odds
my wife is still alive?
I need to believe
in something.
Mr. Collett...
$5 million--
I can't come up with that.
My bosses are rich,
not me.
I just make the deals,
crunch the numbers.
Mr. Collett, someone is
monitoring calls
from your wife's phone.
The cell phone?
Who would that be?
I swear to you, Lieutenant,
I don't know anything
about that.
Please, find Brenda.
CAINE:
I will.
Knock, knock.
Hi.
Hey, got a minute?
Uh, yeah.
What's up?
Um, what do you think about
Mexican wrestling?
Is that a trick question?
No, my friend got two tickets
at the Miami Olympic Arena.
It's not really something
I'm into,
but it's hilarious.
They wear masks.
And I thought you
and I could go,
and we could laugh
at it together.
So what do you say?
Well, um...
Wait a minute,
are you...
Are you asking me out?
Uh... yeah.
Yeah, I guess
in a way I am.
Well, uh...
Because, uh... I mean,
you know that I'm
seeing someone, right?
Oh.
I'd heard that
it was over.
From who?
The, uh... the person
you're seeing.
Really?
Yeah, he gave me
the go-ahead in fact.
The go... I mean, he
actually said "the
go-ahead"? He said that?
I think what he said was that
you were cleared for landing.
Wow.
Wow. Uh, so I'm like
locker room talk then.
No, no, no.
We were just...
we were sitting there
and comparing notes...
Comparing notes?
Uh...
You know what?
Forget I asked.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no. You know what,
actually, if you want to go
to a boxing match,
that's good,
I'm good.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Great. It's Mexican wrestling.
And I thought we'd go
out to dinner first.
I'm in.
Great.
Yeah.
Calleigh...
I finally traced
the recording system
on the cell phone.
Did you get a location?
The voice recordings
were digitized
and then downloaded
to audio files
that can be listened
to remotely.
Audio files
accessed by
an e-mail account.
MITCH:
I mean, it's hard to be loyal.
This Abex investigation,
I'm stuck between
a rock and a hard place.
BRENDA:
Mitch, maybe you better
talk to Dane about it.
This corporation procures
the cell phones
for employee use, Lieutenant,
and as CEO,
I have the right
to monitor them
as I see fit.
Yes, unfortunately,
the federal court system
doesn't agree with you.
Well, it's a competitive world.
And in finance,
you live and die
by your decisions.
And mine are designed
to protect me
as well as my employees.
Which explains why you spy
on their conversations.
We need to identify those
who are disclosing
company secrets.
As in Mitch Collett's
conversations, right?
Mr. Daniels,
as the company accountant,
Mr. Collett
knows where the bodies are
buried...
You think that I kidnapped
Mitch's wife
to keep him quiet?
Yes, well, have fun
proving that.
I'll contact
my lawyer.
I think that's
a good idea.
DNA results on
Brenda Collett's ear.
There's a curve ball.
It's not hers.
What?
DNA doesn't lie.
That doesn't make any sense.
Is there any ID
on the donor?
Female unknown.
Whoever she is,
not in the database.
It's a goose egg.
The husband ID'd the
earring as Brenda's.
Isn't he the one
who brought it in?
Yeah, he is.
Starting to look a little
convenient, huh?
I'm going to check
the ransom note.
Hi.
Ransom note tell you anything?
Latent prints were negative.
So was DNA.
What about
the instrument?
Author used a pen.
Standard ballpoint
from any office
supply store.
But take a look
at this.
A watermark.
That's a
true watermark.
Made during the paper
manufacturing process.
Can you
clean that up?
It's an "A."
It's Abex.
We got to get
over there.
We're looking for
Mitch Collett.
( gunshot and screaming )
Everybody down!
Everybody downstairs!
MITCH:
I've done everything for you.
This is my wife.
How does it feel
to have your life
in somebody else's hands?
Someone who doesn't
care if you die?
Mitch, Mitch.
Put the gun down.
Go, go.
I asked him for the money
to save Brenda.
You've got half a billion!
Mitch, you're under
a lot of pressure.
I don't know what
he's talking about.
I can prove it!
You ripped off the money.
You made me hide
the paper trail.
Mitch, this is not going
to help us find Brenda.
Put it down.
You said
you'd help me.
I am going to help
you, Mitch,
but I need time.
I just need
a few more hours.
Give me a few more
hours, Mitch.
Mitch, please. Please.
I just need
a few more hours.
Do it for Brenda.
Officers.
I'm going to find her, Mitch.
I'm going
to find her.
Hey.
Hi.
I heard Wolfe
asked you out.
I heard you gave him
the go-ahead.
The way I understood it,
it was the other way around.
Right.
So what are
you guys gonna do,
you gonna drink
Midori cocktails?
Watch movies on the couch?
No, as a matter of fact,
we're gonna go out in public
'cause Ryan actually
made plans.
Well, have fun
at the ballet.
Wait a minute.
You pimp me out
to your friend,
and it's my fault?
Pimped you out?
Yeah, I'm cleared
for landing?
It wasn't like that.
But you said it, right?
Okay...
here's what I know.
You and I actually had
a chance and you blew it.
WOLFE:
Hey.
Got some kind of trace
off of Brenda's earring.
Looks like wax.
Yeah, let's find out.
Take a look.
WOLFE:
Yeah, that's asbestos.
It's pretty common.
I'm not sure how that helps us.
Wolfe, that's
your problem, man.
You don't think big.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means you got a misdemeanor
mind in a felony world.
We know the vic had
the earring on, okay?
Chrysotile asbestos.
It's used for its fire-retardant
and insulative abilities.
Yeah, asbestos doesn't
just appear on its own.
These fibers are fragmented,
they're splintered.
For these asbestos
pieces to be broken,
they'd have to be removed
from something.
Older buildings.
I put myself
through college scraping
those cottage cheese ceilings.
But there's got to be thousands
of buildings with that stuff.
Abatement like that
requires a permit.
Okay, I'll make a call
to the city.
No, don't worry about it.
I know a guy.
Valera...
The M.E. log says
that you have
the ear checked out.
Yeah, it's right here.
I really got to
look at this ear.
Where does a guy get ahold
of an ear like this?
Gravediggers?
WOLFE:
No, it's too well kept.
What do these look like to you?
I don't know...
piercings?
No, the punctures are posterior,
they're erratic,
they're uneven.
I think they were made
by a suture post mortem.
Alexx said the ear was sliced
with something sharp,
probably by an amateur.
An amateur
with professional tools.
Yeah.
Now Miami is the plastic surgery
capital, right?
You gotta learn somewhere.
Students practice on cadavers
at the university, right?
Hello.
Hey, Alexx.
It's Ryan.
I need to know who has access
to cadavers at the university.
Your incision should rise
just in front of
the cartilage of the ear,
and around the sideburn.
Good.
Now make an incision just
under the rim of the helix
in front of the ear...
Excuse me.
Can I help you
with something?
You can't, but Jack can.
Thought you worked
at a nightclub,
Jack.
Jack?
Would you
excuse us please?
Of course.
That's my night job.
I moonlight.
Day job is disposing
of medical waste.
Liposuction.
Did you drop an ear
along the way?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Look, I'm earning
a living here, okay?
Is that's a crime?
It's not a crime
unless it's
a $5 million pay day.
Where is she, Jack?
We know what happened.
Rick hired Charlie,
you two partnered up.
Then you
changed the plan.
Are you crazy?
Come on, just
think about it.
You bet big,
you win big.
Its an opportunity
of a lifetime.
Man, we are just
supposed to scare her.
I'm calling this off.
You say a word,
I'll find you.
So she's either
dead, Jack,
or you've got her
stashed somewhere.
Which is it?
Feel free to look around.
Jack?
What?
I'm gonna ask you again.
Where is she?
( cell phone rings )
This is Wolfe.
Yeah.
Hold on.
Just hold on.
Okay, Jack...
Wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait!
What do I get for it?
It's Delko.
Jack here has
an asbestos permit.
We've got an address.
Okay, Jack, to answer
your question--
you get a jail cell.
Officer...
hook him up.
( sirens wailing )
( garbled radio transmission )
Let's go.
OFFICER:
Clear.
Clear!
OFFICER:
Clear.
Brenda?
I want you to lie still.
( gasps ):
I was so afraid
he was coming back.
Brenda, you're fine.
We got him.
Your voice.
Yeah.
I talked to you on the phone.
That's right, that's me.
Mr. Wolfe,
the paramedics, please.
It made a difference.
And I never can
thank you enough.
You don't have to.
Mr. Wolfe.
You hang in there.
I want you
to lie still.
Okay.
Hey.
Do you have any cash?
I left mine on the dresser,
and Natalia and I
are leaving from here.
You serious?
Yeah.
You want me to pay
for your date?
I'll pay you back.
Should be enough for
lobster and dessert.
Thank you.
Hi.
How you doing?
You ready to go
to dinner?
Yeah.
You like calamari?
I... yes, I do.
You do?
Slight pinch, okay?
You okay?
Okay.
Are you ready?
Okay, everything looks fine.
I'll be down the hall
if you need anything.
Thank you.
Thank you, nurse.
She's great.
Yeah.
Here we go.
You know what?
We're gonna be
here for awhile.
Why don't you
get some rest, okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
Horatio?
It's okay.
I'm here.